I am Natsume
Yes, Mr. Su is him
This bucket of water is for him
Bastard, you use such a dirty method
Do you want to disrupt my party?
How dare you pour water on Mr. Su?
Come and fight
Yang Cheng, Yang Cheng, please save me
It's all his own idea
None of my business.
President Su
I'll take you to see clearly, save me, hahaha.
cousin
This is no place for a blind man like you
Hey, what ragged clothes are you wearing?
Miscellaneous
This dress is a domestic brand.
Domestic brand
That's just crap.
Everyone here is wearing LV.
International big names like cookies
You are too embarrassed to wear such ragged clothes
The brand of my dress is called Guoyun.
No worse than those big names in your mouth
The designers of the National Games are very talented
Every piece of clothing is designed with ingenuity
What ingenious
In my opinion
All the clothes designed by that designer
It's all rubbish